Add back hostname_force_config_as_canonical.md (#30066)
DataDog/datadog-agent: docs/public/hostname/hostname_force_config_as_canonical.md

# Config-provided hostname starting with `ip-` or `domu`

## Description of the issue

> In v6 and v7 Agents, if `hostname` is set in `datadog.yaml` (or through the `DD_HOSTNAME` env var) and its value starts with `ip-` or `domu`, the hostname is not used in-app as the canonical hostname, even though it is a valid hostname.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In v6 and v7 Agents, if `hostname` is set in `datadog.yaml` (or through the `DD_HOSTNAME` env var) and its value starts with `ip-` or `domu`, the hostname is not used in-app as the canonical hostname, even if it is a valid hostname.
```

More information about what a canonical hostname is can be found at [How does Datadog determine the Agent hostname?](https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/faq/how-datadog-agent-determines-the-hostname/?tab=agentv6v7#agent-versions).

To know if your Agents are affected, starting with v6.16.0 and v7.16.0, the Agent logs the following warning if it detects a situation where the config-provided hostname is a valid hostname but will not be accepted as the canonical hostname in-app:

> `Hostname '<HOSTNAME>' defined in configuration will not be used as the in-app hostname. For more information: https://dtdg.co/agent-hostname-force-config-as-canonical`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Hostname '<HOSTNAME>' defined in configuration are not be used as the in-app hostname. For more information: https://dtdg.co/agent-hostname-force-config-as-canonical`
```

Author: ```suggestion
`Hostname '<HOSTNAME>' defined in configuration are not used as the in-app hostname. For more information: https://dtdg.co/agent-hostname-force-config-as-canonical`
```

> If this warning is logged, you can either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this warning is logged, you have the following options:
```

> - if you are satisfied with the in-app hostname: unset the configured `hostname` from `datadog.yaml` (or the `DD_HOSTNAME` env var) and restart the Agent; or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are satisfied with the in-app hostname: unset the configured `hostname` from `datadog.yaml` (or the `DD_HOSTNAME` env var) and restart the Agent; or
```

- if you are not satisfied with the in-app hostname, and want the configured hostname to appear as the in-app hostname, follow the instructions below

## Allowing Agent in-app hostnames to start with `ip-` or `domu`

> Starting with Agent v6.16.0 and v7.16.0, the Agent supports the config option `hostname_force_config_as_canonical` (default: `false`). When set to `true`, a configuration-provided hostname starting with `ip-` or `domu` will be accepted as the canonical hostname in-app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Agent v6.16.0 and v7.16.0, the Agent supports the config option `hostname_force_config_as_canonical` (default: `false`). When set to `true`, a configuration-provided hostname starting with `ip-` or `domu` is accepted as the canonical hostname in-app:
```

> - for new hosts, enabling this option works immediately

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For new hosts, enabling this option works immediately.
```

> - for new hosts, enabling this option will work immediately

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- for new hosts, enabling this option works immediately
```

> - for hosts that already report to Datadog, after enabling this option, please contact our support team at support@datadoghq.com so that the in-app hostname can be changed to your configuration-provided hostname.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For hosts that already report to Datadog, after enabling this option, contact Datadog support at support@datadoghq.com so that the in-app hostname can be changed to your configuration-provided hostname.
```
